you guys need to check that out that
that was a that was really fun to watch
let's talk about this though so we got a
seedless I guess that's where this uh
not much is from a song from lumbus oh
ok that's what the I get that now that's
what that's what I when I guess but uh
looking pretty good here they both look
pretty pretty clean so far not so bad it
kind of throws a couple up tilts out
there a nice up smash done here was kind
of having his way with him right now
yeah not able to punish off at that uh
okay he's coming back hold a jab up
smash game and she's got two of those
two stock already yeah Fox is definitely
got a good stage control but he's not
like finishing this food you know what I
mean yeah just kind of running around if
markets that grab you can bring it right
back to stock but that's a bad
recovering gets up throwing up there yep
standard butter bread yeah if you just
weed spot that that way you could avoid
that but Oh up some pops man you ever do
that mark player that's sometimes make
sure enough till its smash brothers is
hard so I feel so stupid hate it I hate
it all right but we got him offstage who
almost a taper if you just walking a
little step forward maybe it got that
you could have probably gotten like a
jam which is a little bit safer you know
what I mean and Oh doesn't get the free
off that side me try some light shield
but I like the up air technology yelling
that a pair is really good against light
shield does help the first it does help
with a push off into the segment yeah
second hey that's it it's good actually
have begun here knows that down throw
again p go for the forest match does
this time how much nods to himself
because he enjoys it yeah I enjoyed okay
someone's going o Lord / geez how are
you charge that foil is amazing lot
that's all I like to see oh of course
damage oh one of the weird stuff man
tries to up tilt on the regular stand
I've noticed that uh not Misha's a lot
of late fares and said mediate up tilt
just be a lot of dash of ways after its
light fare so yeah I can see kind of a
little bit under center because I not
mad she's kind of like taking a little
bit time to like throw his moves that
you supposed to be doing I put the F
smash you know he was like all the way
across the stage me through its alright
know you do those I do those few rolls
here who gets cashius grab your meet up
till you got away for that tech option
got away before it all right my hammers
looking pretty good right now so far the
the biggest thing I'm seeing is that not
Mitch's dash dances just really short
yeah so he's not giving himself a big
reaction we know to react to fox's
approaches yeah this is that like he's
just not be patient up I think that's a
real big problem right now but could
grab it oh the dirt shine they can't do
those against Fox you can't not jump
into the shot can't I think you try to
swat it away predicting he would go for
the shine yep but you knew we'd go for
it but he like mistimed it is like oh no
he just throws it out doesn't think
about it but anyways so we're going to
Yoshi's game too I like the stage is fox
though I don't like this
I don't like any of it I like any event
that was what stuff to watch we're gonna
move on yeah we're gonna move on so
anyway as I was saying I don't like this
stage as the Marth anymore I used to I
don't like it you think you get
claustrophobic yeah like I feel like I
don't have enough like room to move
around I mean yeah you get the platforms
and those are really nice but like this
isn't like 2006 anymore dude okay see
different matter it's all the monster
tipper suit if you get if you get them
tippers that's all worth oh yeah tippers
are great no you wanna do love them
anyway so oh I smash smash GI yep wait
laughing oh good ah mix it with an air
all didn't ship in the Mars killer oh
good oh that I've been a good time yeah
yeah huh plan just play my tag right now
oh did you see that that was get out in
there was ya know grab the ledge after
two yeah I don't know if he did a person
oh he jump into another shine though son
of a shepherd e four so no we call that
in Ohio the planet blocker why is it
called that was huge I message just
blocks planets all day that dash tag
actually I think would have led into a
fork smash the old TGM combo just a
little bit yeah no I alright so we get
there it's stuck last chance o UT grand
ridge all right on here forever all
there there we go yeah yeah but doesn't
kill no that's gonna grab the ledge
maybe get hit him with a back here grab
lunch again doesn't get the time in
there dash attack it's so risky box slow
getup good about you to the slow roll
will kill them this little roll
definitely killed does that up bear
again on the white shield but when
you're when you're more towards the
middle of the platform I won't
necessarily knock you all right down
smash I don't know
I hope now anyways so he's throwing out
that oh my god up till kill not Mitch
he's gotta get a clean kill right here
it's gotta be real safe especially when
he's down a stock right now and that's a
fresh dr. Fox Fox using that top
platform oh la Torre oh he's trying to
do too much lower i can oh but he lives
you should have lived there's up tilts
get to grab another one is immediate up
tilt you got away for that take off so
we got pecker old tales oh oh oh no oh
my god I'm not happy about it I'm not
happy about that either I was enjoying
that said I was I was getting excited
about it I heard are you excited about a
lot of things yeah no it's good it's
good I feel like you should get excited
about stuff that gets on screen man you
know what I mean it's not a strain
that's gotta be cool Yeah right it's
clear